Crazy blood. Lots of blood.
This is a bad omen.
Just relax.
Your Majesty, there is no queen in this harem.
This symbol represents the Queen Mother.
The bleeding phoenix
Queen Mother
Your Majesty, I didn't mean that.
You must have been set up.
The king is angry.
Yao, you're a princess.
Who in this world would dare to hurt you?
It was my wonderful birthday party.
It's all ruined by you.
Wow.
I don't understand the meaning.
From now on, Princess Yao has been confined for half a month.
Your Majesty.
Is she the prostitute of my precious wife?
Let someone come to trap me and drag me out.
The Queen!
You must be Mr. Phan.
Mr. Phan yesterday

He stopped the slave, wanting to check his skirt.
He must have done something to the dress.
This dress is covered in red wax.
High temperature melting
The shape of blood and tears.
How can you prove it?
Pandehai did something with that dress.
This is Mr. Pan's fragrance bag.
Master, this is indeed Mr. Phan's fragrance bag.
This kind of ordinary scented bag looks one that will be woven.
Yesterday the servant left many eyes.
Especially stealing Mr. Pan's perfume bag.
Let's have fun.
The fourth is the one who blames you.
Fortunately, you found out who set me up.
The palace
Save your reward and go to the Kunning palace to serve your precious wife.